CASMCMS-8808 - add IMS zypper troubleshooting page. (#4405)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/image_management/Troubleshoot_zypper_interaction.md

correctly. That will result in an error similar to the following when attempting to install
packages using zypper:

```bash
cray-ims-2aea4c7c-f64b-454c-93d1-905095d602d5-customize-c97n2:/root # zypper in emacs
warning: Found NDB Packages.db database while attempting bdb backend: using ndb backend.
warning: Found NDB Packages.db database while attempting bdb backend: using ndb backend.
warning: Found NDB Packages.db database while attempting bdb backend: using ndb backend.
Loading repository data...
Reading installed packages...
warning: Found NDB Packages.db database while attempting bdb backend: using ndb backend.
Resolving package dependencies...

The following 8 NEW packages are going to be installed:
  emacs emacs-info emacs-nox etags libgpm2 libjansson4 liblcms2-2 system-user-games

8 new packages to install.
Overall download size: 23.2 MiB. Already cached: 0 B. After the operation, additional 91.9 MiB will be used.
Continue? [y/n/v/...? shows all options] (y): Cannot read input: bad stream or EOF.
If you run zypper without a terminal, use '--non-interactive' global
option to make zypper use default answers to prompts.
```

> There are two possible work-around for this situation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two possible workarounds for this situation:
```
